#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/quality.txt requirements/quality.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
black==23.11.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   flower
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
cron-descriptor==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
dj-rest-auth[with-social]==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dj-rest-auth
django==4.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-redis
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
django-allauth==0.57.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-celery-beat==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-stubs[compatible-mypy]==4.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==4.2.5
    # via django-stubs
django-timezone-field==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework-stubs==3.14.4
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
drf-spectacular==0.26.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
flake8==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
humanize==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mypy==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via black
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via flake8
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   pyjwt
pytest==7.4.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-crontab==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   python-crontab
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-allauth
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
redis==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-allauth
rpds-py==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
tomli==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   django-stubs
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   flower
types-pytz==2023.3.1.1
    # via django-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.12
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.10
    # via djangorestframework-stubs
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mypy
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
